hey what's going on everyone this is me
mr. Mara you know who I am
anyways I'm gonna make this quick quick
video hopefully it'll be as fast as
possible because there's not too much I
need to cover ever since this game came
out Street Fighter cross Tekken well as
you all know I did release a video on
how to patch the game I'm not
responsible for the patch okay that is
somebody else's work I was showing you
how to patch your game this video right
here shows how to unlock all the
quote-unquote downloadable content
characters available on Street Fighter
cross Tekken and this is only for 360 as
you all see this one shows how to unlock
everything this is only if you're on a
JTAG a reset glitch system now on this
video I've gotten many many questions
and of course I've had this complete
dumbass right here who doesn't know what
the fucking is talking about but this
video is not about that there have been
many many people who have asked who have
asked me this and I'm not pointing this
out just because it says thumbs up I'm
pointing this out because I've gotten
just this question over and over where
are the PC version how do you do this on
pc and people have messaged me this
countless times so i looked into it and
the question is pretty easy to answer
you cannot do this on pc and the
explanation is even easier you come
right here the downloadable content is
not available on the pc disk you don't
the downloadable contents not locked
away on the pc version of this game on
the 360 version the reason why we were
able to do this is because the
downloadable content is on the disc
while is on pc it is not on the disc you
have to download the downloadable
content separately it's not disk locked
content this time so really the only
possible way I could think of to get the
downloadable content for free is if you
end up cracking it and loading it into
your game and I'm definitely not gonna
do that because that's just going to
promote piracy and there's no real
reason to do that reason why I was
promoting this is because if you see my
little explanation right here you're
paying $60 for a game and then Capcom
wants you to pay another $20 on top of
that for characters that you already
paid 60 bucks for so I'm saving you the
money right there
and yeah anyways that's it so quick
question quick answer can you do this on
the PC no why can't you do it on the PC
because the downloadable content is not
available on the disk in this case the
downloadable content is actually
downloadable content thanks for watching
this mr. mario signing off